hi guys all my hair with the note 3 now
smart pause is a function which when
setup will automatically pause a video
that you're watching or by basically you
looking away and the way you set it up
is you go into your settings menu you go
into the controls tab on the top there
and then you go all the way down to
smart screen and then it's just smart
pause there you need to make sure that
that's checked my owner works with the
standard player so you can't use it with
MX player for example and what happens
is for example this is just a trailer of
a film called Noah which is a recently
been really going to be released and
we're just going to try out with this
now obviously the lighting is is
something that you need to consider as
well and the way it works is by tracking
the movement of your eyes and that's not
to say that you can keep your head
pointed towards the screen and change
obviously the where your eyes are
looking and it will stop it most likely
won't stop and depending on obviously
the lighting you that you would actually
have to physically move your head to the
right the left up or down and then
that's when it will actually stop it
just uses the eyes as like a reference
points just to kind of say that you're
looking at the screen so just gonna try
it with this trailer here now if I just
play this trailer and then at the moment
I'm just looking at the screen if I just
look away now it stops so I'm looking
towards the right and then if I look
back at the screen now he'll start to
play just try that again so if I move to
the left stop and then if I look back at
the screen it will start to play this
little tiny tiny bit of delay but it
does work and obviously if it works for
you you it is very convenient however
like I said it depends on the lighting
and where you are and stuff it may not
even work it may work now the way you
can tell it knows when you
looking if this eye on your notification
bar this will be green when it knows and
when it will be working okay guys so
that was just a quick look at smart
pause on your note three thanks for
watching guys